hey guys it's been a while so after
graduating from university I wanted to
do something different so I made a list
a list of 30 things I have never done
before to push myself out of my comfort
zone with the help of some friends I
decided to cross off every single item
on this list in 30 days and share every
story every day as we go my name is
Thomas and these are my friends
meet Andrea we call him Dre our Turkish
producer the making films for nine years
and it's a man who is down for
absolutely miss that fellow entrepreneur
he owns his own clothing company and
it's my right in make my roommate he's
an actor and a self-proclaimed hipster
also my best friend
and finally am on my bucket list killing
Egyptian friend was in a record at all
we set ourselves up to accomplish for
the biggest charge of our lives
to make 30 videos another day always
welcome the project dirty girl